It uses data in chem-all.txt and chem-cheap.txt. The 'cheap' one is
recipes that only involve common herbs, most resins, salts, and
powdered gems. The 'all' is recipes involving every known essence
except hyssop and hazlewort. Currently 'all' is used for Thoth's and
Ra's extracts, and 'cheap' for everything else. If there is a recipe
that you do not want to use, delete it from those files.

Running the macro involves pressing 'shift' to mark the window like
normal, but here is what you need to have pinned before you run:

- A 3-callibrated chemistry lab on its main menu.
- The extracts menu from a different chemistry lab.
- Some number of 'take' menus. Each essence you want to use must be
visible without scrolling. I use 6 warehouses, and have 6 pinned take
menus.

None of these windows can overlap with the middle of the screen where
the select-compound menu will appear. Before starting the macro, make
sure that the select-compound menu is closed. Otherwise you'll get the
'chemistry lab is busy' message.

While the macro is running, it will check requirements of Ra, Thoth,
Osiris, Set, Maat, Geb in that order and will make it if it can find
the ingredients.

If it can't find the ingredients, it will pop up a window letting you
know the recipe it couldn't find. You can then either exit the macro
(useful if you want to produce the needed essences) or press shift to
let it skip that recipe and try to find other requirements.

IMPORTANT: If it gets into a bad state where it has added essences to
a mixture but not finished, close the macro. You can then run
'notepad.lua' which will let you select the type/requirememts and give
you the recipe it was going for. You can then finish up adding any
essences needed, mixing/etc. by hand.